Add Burhanverse/rssify and Burhanverse/Tunified (#53)
grammyjs/awesome-grammY: README.md

- [kolay-v/chessbot-reborn](https://github.com/kolay-v/chessbot-reborn) - The inline PvP chess game bot. [ᴜsᴇ](https://t.me/chess101bot)
- [@OmniDubBot](https://t.me/OmniDubBot) - A bot that dubs your voice notes into 10+ languages.
- [gabeklavans/gamejay-bot](https://github.com/gabeklavans/gamejay-bot) - Serves various multiplayer mini-games, inspired by GamePigeon for iOS. [ᴜsᴇ](https://t.me/gamejaybot)

> - [Burhanverse/rssify](https://github.com/Burhanverse/rssify) - A feature rich RSS bot with group topics support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Burhanverse/rssify](https://github.com/Burhanverse/rssify) - A feature-rich RSS bot with support for forum topics.
```
